README.md, before:

# Saliency

Contained in this repo is all code needed to generate saliency data for the [Borealis Viewer](https://github.com/ase-lab/BorealisViewer).
Written here are instructions for building and running the system.

### Environment Setup

The pommerman game has a giant dependency tree and getting everything working is a pain.
For that reason, the package manager Conda is recommended and being used here.
If you know what you're doing and want to use a different/no package manager, you're on your own.

You should also note that Conda and the required dependencies take up around 10GB of space.

1. Download and install the python 3.7 version of Conda from [here.](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/)
2. Open the Anaconda Prompt and navigate to this repo's root directory.
3. In the prompt, run `conda create -n playground`. This creates a seperate environment for this project.
4. Then run `conda activate playground` to make the anaconda prompt use the new environment. The following instructions should all be run in the prompt.
3. Run `pip install -U .` (Note the capital U) and let the process run. This will take a while the first time.
4. Pytorch must be installed seperately and depends on the GPU in your machine.
    * On nVidia GPUs (or you otherwise have CUDA support), run `conda install pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=9.0 -c pytorch`.
    * On AMD GPUs (or if you're not sure you have CUDA support), run `conda install pytorch-cpu torchvision-cpu -c pytorch`.
5. Finally, the code will show three graphs containg learner meta data that might be interesting to you, but not necessary. While the program will error out if this package is not installed, all data is safe and all other calculations are finished. Installation is thus optional.
    * To install the required library for the graphs, run `pip install matplotlib`.

### Getting Data

Once your environment is set up, all necessary replay data is put in the out folder in the repo's root.
Data for each game is contained in a seperate, timestamped folder.
To have the agent play a game and generate the respective data, do the following:
1. Open Anaconda prompt and navigate to the repo's root directory.
2. Make sure you're in the environment you set up earlier with `conda activate playground`.
3. Run the game with:
```python NN_Player_Pommerman\pom_discrete_A3C_main.py```

If all went well, some inital setup logs should be printed to the conda prompt, and a game of pommerman will play in a new window after a short bit of loading.

# Playground

> First time? check out our [website](https://www.pommerman.com) for more information,
> our [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc) to join the community,
> or read the [documentation](./docs) to get started.

Playground hosts Pommerman, a clone of Bomberman built for AI research. People from around the world submit agents that they've trained to play. We run regular competitions on our servers and report the results and replays.

There are three variants for which you can enter your agents to compete:

* FFA: Free For All where four agents enter and one leaves. It tests planning, tactics, and cunning. The board is fully observable.
* Team (The NIPS '18 Competition environment): 2v2 where two teams of agents enter and one team wins. It tests planning, and tactics, and cooperation. The board is partially observable.
* Team Radio: Like team in that a it's a 2v2 game. Differences are that the agents each have a radio that they can use to convey 2 words from a dictionary of size 8 each step.

#### Why should I participate?

* You are a machine learning researcher and similarly recognize the lack of approachable benchmarks for this subfield. Help us rectify this and prove that your algorithm is better than others.
* You want to contribute to multi agent or communication research. This is first and foremost a platform for doing research and everything that we do here will eventually get published with generous (or primary) support from us.
* You really like(d) Bomberman and are fascinated by AI. This is a great opportunity to learn how to build intelligent agents.
* You want the glory of winning an AI competition. We are going to publicize the results widely.
* You think AI is dumb and can make a deterministic system that beats any learned agent.

#### How do I train agents?

Most open-source research tools in this domain have been designed with single agents in mind. We will be developing resources towards standardizing multi-agent learning. In the meantime, we have provided an example training script in train_with_tensorforce.py. It demonstrates how to wrap the Pommerman environments such that they can be trained with popular libraries like TensorForce.

#### How do I submit agents that I have trained?

The setup for submitting agents will be live shortly. It involves making a [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) container that runs your agent. We then read and upload your docker file via Github Deploy Keys. You retain the ownership and license of the agents. We will only look at your code to ensure that it is safe to run, doesn't execute anything malicious, and does not cheat. We are just going to run your agent in competitions on our servers. We have an example agent that already works and further instructions are in the games/a/docker directory.

#### Who is running this?

[Cinjon Resnick](http://twitter.com/cinjoncin), [Denny Britz](https://twitter.com/dennybritz), [David Ha](https://twitter.com/hardmaru), [Jakob Foerster](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakobfoerster/), and [Wes Eldridge](https://twitter.com/weseldridge) are the folks behind this. We are generously supported by a host of other people, including [Kyunghyun Cho](https://twitter.com/kchonyc), [Joan Bruna](https://twitter.com/joanbruna), [Julian Togelius](http://julian.togelius.com/) and [Jason Weston](https://research.fb.com/people/weston-jason/). You can find us in the [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc).

Pommerman is immensely appreciate of the generous assistance it has received from Jane Street Capital, NVidia, Facebook AI Research, and Google Cloud.

#### How can I help?

To see the ways you can get invovled with the project head over to our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and checkout our current [issues](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/issues).

# Contributing

We welcome contributions through pull request. See [CONTRIBUTING](../master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# Code of Conduct

We strive for an open community. Please read over our [CODE OF CONDUCT](../master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Commit message:

Missed line in readme about keeping the existing readme following new instructions.

README.md, after:

# Saliency

Contained in this repo is all code needed to generate saliency data for the [Borealis Viewer](https://github.com/ase-lab/BorealisViewer).
Written here are instructions for building and running the system.

### Environment Setup

The pommerman game has a giant dependency tree and getting everything working is a pain.
For that reason, the package manager Conda is recommended and being used here.
If you know what you're doing and want to use a different/no package manager, you're on your own.

You should also note that Conda and the required dependencies take up around 10GB of space.

1. Download and install the python 3.7 version of Conda from [here.](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/)
2. Open the Anaconda Prompt and navigate to this repo's root directory.
3. In the prompt, run `conda create -n playground`. This creates a seperate environment for this project.
4. Then run `conda activate playground` to make the anaconda prompt use the new environment. The following instructions should all be run in the prompt.
3. Run `pip install -U .` (Note the capital U) and let the process run. This will take a while the first time.
4. Pytorch must be installed seperately and depends on the GPU in your machine.
    * On nVidia GPUs (or you otherwise have CUDA support), run `conda install pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=9.0 -c pytorch`.
    * On AMD GPUs (or if you're not sure you have CUDA support), run `conda install pytorch-cpu torchvision-cpu -c pytorch`.
5. Finally, the code will show three graphs containg learner meta data that might be interesting to you, but not necessary. While the program will error out if this package is not installed, all data is safe and all other calculations are finished. Installation is thus optional.
    * To install the required library for the graphs, run `pip install matplotlib`.

### Getting Data

Once your environment is set up, all necessary replay data is put in the out folder in the repo's root.
Data for each game is contained in a seperate, timestamped folder.
To have the agent play a game and generate the respective data, do the following:
1. Open Anaconda prompt and navigate to the repo's root directory.
2. Make sure you're in the environment you set up earlier with `conda activate playground`.
3. Run the game with:
```python NN_Player_Pommerman\pom_discrete_A3C_main.py```

If all went well, some inital setup logs should be printed to the conda prompt, and a game of pommerman will play in a new window after a short bit of loading.

Below is the original readme for the pommerman repo.

# Playground

> First time? check out our [website](https://www.pommerman.com) for more information,
> our [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc) to join the community,
> or read the [documentation](./docs) to get started.

Playground hosts Pommerman, a clone of Bomberman built for AI research. People from around the world submit agents that they've trained to play. We run regular competitions on our servers and report the results and replays.

There are three variants for which you can enter your agents to compete:

* FFA: Free For All where four agents enter and one leaves. It tests planning, tactics, and cunning. The board is fully observable.
* Team (The NIPS '18 Competition environment): 2v2 where two teams of agents enter and one team wins. It tests planning, and tactics, and cooperation. The board is partially observable.
* Team Radio: Like team in that a it's a 2v2 game. Differences are that the agents each have a radio that they can use to convey 2 words from a dictionary of size 8 each step.

#### Why should I participate?

* You are a machine learning researcher and similarly recognize the lack of approachable benchmarks for this subfield. Help us rectify this and prove that your algorithm is better than others.
* You want to contribute to multi agent or communication research. This is first and foremost a platform for doing research and everything that we do here will eventually get published with generous (or primary) support from us.
* You really like(d) Bomberman and are fascinated by AI. This is a great opportunity to learn how to build intelligent agents.
* You want the glory of winning an AI competition. We are going to publicize the results widely.
* You think AI is dumb and can make a deterministic system that beats any learned agent.

#### How do I train agents?

Most open-source research tools in this domain have been designed with single agents in mind. We will be developing resources towards standardizing multi-agent learning. In the meantime, we have provided an example training script in train_with_tensorforce.py. It demonstrates how to wrap the Pommerman environments such that they can be trained with popular libraries like TensorForce.

#### How do I submit agents that I have trained?

The setup for submitting agents will be live shortly. It involves making a [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) container that runs your agent. We then read and upload your docker file via Github Deploy Keys. You retain the ownership and license of the agents. We will only look at your code to ensure that it is safe to run, doesn't execute anything malicious, and does not cheat. We are just going to run your agent in competitions on our servers. We have an example agent that already works and further instructions are in the games/a/docker directory.

#### Who is running this?

[Cinjon Resnick](http://twitter.com/cinjoncin), [Denny Britz](https://twitter.com/dennybritz), [David Ha](https://twitter.com/hardmaru), [Jakob Foerster](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jakobfoerster/), and [Wes Eldridge](https://twitter.com/weseldridge) are the folks behind this. We are generously supported by a host of other people, including [Kyunghyun Cho](https://twitter.com/kchonyc), [Joan Bruna](https://twitter.com/joanbruna), [Julian Togelius](http://julian.togelius.com/) and [Jason Weston](https://research.fb.com/people/weston-jason/). You can find us in the [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/wjVJEDc).

Pommerman is immensely appreciate of the generous assistance it has received from Jane Street Capital, NVidia, Facebook AI Research, and Google Cloud.

#### How can I help?

To see the ways you can get invovled with the project head over to our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and checkout our current [issues](https://github.com/MultiAgentLearning/playground/issues).

# Contributing

We welcome contributions through pull request. See [CONTRIBUTING](../master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

# Code of Conduct

We strive for an open community. Please read over our [CODE OF CONDUCT](../master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
